Now that you are a department head,
I really want you out there
as the face of social.
I am "Scarlet" magazine's
first black female department head.
I could write all about
how my mom was dying
from breast cancer when
I was in kindergarten.
You are positive for a
mutation in the BRCA1 gene.
Look, I made a mistake running around
with Brooke Langley,
and I just want you to know
that I'm gonna do whatever it takes.
How cute is this guy? And he's a doctor.
What is your stance on pre-marital sex?
I think we're good.
I just saw in our magazine that
this position is called a "Face-Off."
What?
Sorry, sometimes I just can't
stop being a "Scarlet" writer.
Wait, it's really called "Face-Off"?
- Like the Nic Cage movie?
- Yeah.
Sorry.
I keep seeing Nicolas Cage's face.
A lil' better.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I'll...
What, are you seeing Nicolas Cage again?
No, the condom broke.
- Are you there yet?
- No, not yet.
I still don't believe
that they'd Postmate
the morning-after pill.
That's because you live on
the blissful island of Sappho
where people don't have to
worry about birth control.
Trust me, it's a thing.
Okay, well, it better be a thing.
Look, I really think you
and I can handle this, Jane.
Oh, look, Ben. You should know by now
that we are a package deal.
You buy one;
you get the other two for free.
Okay, when is this guy getting here?
As long as you take it
within 72 hours we're good.
Which means we still have
70 hours and 55 minutes.
Okay, that must be him.
Oh, Jane. Turn your phone
to face the computer
so that when I say, "I told you so,"
I can see Kat's face.
Okay, I have to go. Bye.
Told you it was a thing.
Delivery for Jane Sloan?
- That's me.
- Oh, hi.
Dude at the pharmacy
wanted me to tell you this:
"Take it as soon as possible.
It will cause nausea,
and please consider using a
contraceptive in the future."
Yeah, we were.
For the record,
my girlfriend is very responsible, so...
Did you just call me your girlfriend?
I did. I hope that's okay.
Yeah, just... you don't have to
because the whole condom thing.
No. No. No. I've actually
wanted to for a while.
Can I officially call you my girlfriend?
Yeah, you can.
Ah, hmm. Please. Please, take this. Now.
Thank you.
How you holding up?
These side effects are
really kicking my ass.
Sorry.
You know, the same thing
happened to me when I took
the morning-after pill,
but the good news
is Oliver's in Paris so
I can use his juicer.
And I can make you a mango,
pineapple, turmeric smoothie.
- That didn't help.
- No.
- I'll take one.
- Okay.
Hey.
- Hey.
- Hi, what are you doing here?
I'm... actually I'm freelancing
for "Porch & Garden."
Hemp: it's the new corn.
Don't judge.
- Rough night?
- No, not really.
Stomach flu? Pregnant?
Morning-after pill?
Food pois...
Oh, okay. Jane, wild woman.
Kat Edison?
Hi. I'm Cleo Williams.
I'm Safford's newest board member.
Oh, hi.
You know, you're a bit of a legend
- up in the board room.
- Oh.
I was wondering if I could
have a word with you.
- Sure.
- Great.
Great.
Kat, have you ever heard of Whole Spa?
They make the cleansers with
the rainbow labels, right?
Yes, that's them.
They have a line of
inclusive beauty products.
They also make it a point to cater
to women of all ages and skin types.
And they've come to me
with an opportunity for
product integration.
Okay, so you want my team
to start Insta-ing about them?
Actually, they want you.
You would be the face of the campaign.
Me?
Yes, they want to feature you
in a series of Whole Spa
Instagram stories.
Kat, you are the youngest
head of a department at the magazine.
That is exactly the type of influencer
that they want associated
with their products.
Sorry, did you just
call me an influencer?
Listen, you are incredibly charismatic,
and you really have this
unique identity and story.
They just want to sit down
with you this afternoon
and have a little chat
about the campaign.
Would that be okay?
- Sure, okay.
- I will let them know.
Don't forget about us when you become
a famous spokesperson.
I believe the term that she
used was actually influencer.
Oh.
- Okay, this is pretty good.
- Yeah.
Told you not to doubt the
turmeric mango smoothie.
So how long is Oliver in Paris for?
Like, five days.
Well, I could get used to these.
Well, it's not all smoothies
and espresso drinks.
I'm in charge of inventory, schedule,
and the budget meeting today.
See, someone's back
in Oliver's good graces.
- Hmm, it speaks.
- Yeah.
And it hurts.
I say this with love,
but you look terrible.
I feel nauseous and...
my head hurts, and my boobs hurt,
and I'm dizzy. Is this normal?
I think you should call your doctor
because she will probably
be able to prescribe
you something to offset
the side effects.
I don't need to call my doctor.
I am dating one.
She works it into literally...
Every conversation.
Hello. I'm right here.
Hello, Jane.
Do you think Ben got weird last night
because of the religious stuff?
No, it was fine.
He's Christian,
not a character on "Handmaid's Tale."
Hi.
Yeah, no,
I'm still throwing up and stuff.
Any suggestions?
Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Thanks. Bye.
So what did he say?
He said I should call my doctor
and see if she could give me
anything to fight the nausea.
Wow.
I'm not gonna say, "I told you so."
- But we told you so.
- Okay.
I'm done with both of you.
- Hey.
So you ready for your
first budget meeting?
Yeah, got my little
espresso and all this stuff.
Oliver said the hardest
part is staying awake.
Actually he told me to smile and nod
and not sit next to Bob.
He doesn't believe in deodorant.
Okay, let's get this party started.
First, with the good news.
The board has approved
the expansion of the Paris issue.
Which means more of us can
go to Paris for Fashion Week.
Of course they are going
to extract a pound of flesh
in exchange, and they're asking
for cuts on the upcoming issue
to cover the Paris overages.
So let's just rip that
Band-Aid right off
and start with Bob in distribution.
Can we cut 10% out of
this month's budget?
Yes.
Felicia, can you get 15% out of events?
I can do 10%.
All right, and another 10%
out of the fashion
department this month.
Oh, that's right, Sutton,
you're covering today, welcome.
I'm sure Oliver prepped you and, so,
can we get 10% out?
One second.
We need to talk about where
that $20,000 went for travel...
- It's midnight in Paris; he's probably sleeping.
- _
Sutton, would be really great to get
an answer before we have
to put this issue to bed.
Well, he did say smile and nod.
Sure.
All right. Great. Great.
Onward.
Side effects should
start subsiding soon.
I'm just gonna give you a prescription
for some anti-nausea medication.
Just to be on the safe side.
Thank you. I feel better already.
Wonderful, and this is probably
a good time to start
talking about your fertility plan.
Fertility plan?
You need to be thinking about whether
or not you want to have children.
But I'm only 25.
You're also a carrier
of BRCA gene mutation.
- That is a game changer for you.
- Why?
I've been doing all the screenings.
I know.
I know, but you should
understand that the most
effective preventative
treatment involves
- an oophorectomy.
- Oopherectomy?
The medical term for having
your ovaries removed.
You need to start thinking not
just about prophylactic
measures but what
your reproductive plans are, long-term.
I-I don't understand.
If kids are in your future,
you need to start thinking about it now.
So if I trim a couple hundred
from the Marc Jacobs accessories spread,
and I cut Thursday's "Divas and Dives"
shoot budget in half...
I can make our new number.
- Look at you.
- Yeah.
Finally putting that
finance degree to work.
Oh, no, what's wrong?
- Fashion closet.
- Yeah.
Do you want me to come
to the fashion closet too?
Do you want to?
I'm just gonna tell her
about my appointment
I just had with my gyno.
I'ma sit this one out.
Mm-hmm.
So you have to start thinking
about having kids now?
Sort of.
I have to start thinking
about thinking about it.
Reese Witherspoon had
a baby when she was 22.
Adele was 24.
And Lauren always told
me that the best place
to network was at those
"Mommy and Me" play date things.
- That's not helping.
- No.
Do you want kids?
I don't know. I always thought I might.
But it was like a distant future thing.
Like flying cars or needing Botox.
When I try to picture myself
with kids, I just... I can't.
Would you ever consider doing it alone?
You know, like, with a sperm bank.
Like, with a turkey baster?
Or how about the
old-fashioned sperm delivery:
Ben's penis.
Okay.
It's a little too soon
to be talking about that.
Ben just called me his girlfriend
- for the first time last night.
- You made it official.
Which is why it's too soon
to be putting this on him.
I haven't even told him
about my BRCA status.
I need to figure out what I want
before I drag him into it.
How you gonna do that?
Well, I get paid to ask questions
about things I want to know, so...
I guess I'll just do that.
I cannot tell you how thrilled we are
about the prospect of working together.
Well, you actually can tell me
'cause you just did.
That's the edgy Kat Edison sensibility
we're so excited about.
So what kind of Insta campaign
were you guys thinking about?
We want you to make
the stories your own.
- Really?
- We do.
You can riff on anything you want to.
All we ask if that you
mention our cleansers
and three things you like about them.
Well, I've actually never used
Whole Spa products before.
You'll love them.
Organic, no animal testing,
biodegradable packaging,
totally carbon neutral.
We make products for women
of all ages and colors.
Products designed to empower them,
not make them feel like
they need to live up
to some artificial standard of beauty.
We just need you to give us
permission to use your image.
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
Kat, you found a way to use
your "Scarlet" platform
to make strong feminist statements.
This is just a continuation
of that journey.
Okay.
- Well, I'm sold.
- Great.
I want to be wowed.
Stalker or Rom Com hero?
When is coming on strong, too strong?
Didn't you write about
the fine line between
love and suffocation last month?
Yes and no.
Might be time to ditch
the clingy boyfriend.
Alex, what do you got for me?
The intersectional
appeal of Meghan Markle.
I love that. Great.
Jane, what about you?
You've been awfully quiet.
What do you got?
I want to do a piece on
20-something-year-old mothers.
You know, how do they do it?
How do they balance careers?
Do they have a sex life?
It's interesting,
but I'm not sure it's right for you.
Well, I hear the best networking happens
at those "Mommy and Me" classes.
So how about...
are babies the next must-have accessory
for young professionals?
Yeah, I like it. It's good.
Go talk to some young moms.
Really?
- Allow me.
- Hey.
Look who's a gentlemen.
I don't know what James
told you about me,
but I do have manners.
- And also unsuspected depth.
- Very unsuspected.
- Someone's birthday?
- No, it's my swag actually.
I'm, like, a spokesperson for Whole Spa.
- You're a spokesmodel?
- Spokesperson.
I'm just gonna be featured in some
of their Instagram stories.
You're not the only one
with surprising skills.
Whole Spa, huh?
Why'd you say it like that?
I have a friend who's doing
a deep dive into the company,
running an exposé on them for "Vice."
Huh, what kind of exposé?
Well, you know how supposedly
they're super progressive?
Turns out their CEO is a big donor
to the Family Research Council
and the Council of
Conservative Citizens.
Aren't those, like,
racist, anti-LGBTQ groups?
Big time.
Now I know why they wanted
me to do it so badly.
I mean, who better
to inoculate the company
when the story breaks
than a queer black woman.
- Yeah.
- I see.
Sorry.
So they want you to be
their black bi bandaid?
To cover up their racist,
homophobic boo-boo.
What are you gonna do?
Sure as hell not gonna be their mascot.
- Oliver?
- Who else?
_
Hey, Oliver, I just got your text.
The only thing is when
you told me to nod,
I just... I thought
that meant say yes, so...
I know.
I know, okay, well, bonsoir.
Long-distance,
pissed-off Oliver is so much worse
than up-close-and-personal,
pissed-off Oliver.
He just found I want
to cut the budget for
the "Divas and Dive" shoot
to make our new number.
I thought that was a good thing.
Well, the problem is now
we can't afford the location,
and shooting at Chad's
was the only reason
Oliver wanted to do the spread.
So basically it's my
first budget meeting...
and I blew it.
Hey, so who wants to go on a field trip?
- Where are we going?
- Hecksher playground.
- I've been juicing.
- Thank you.
I found a play group of
20-something-year-old moms
and their kids.
Cool.
Okay, are you gonna talk to some moms?
'Cause I have to go
back to the office soon.
I just... I want to watch
for a little longer.
It's like Margaret Mead
found a new tribe.
Yeah, breeders.
Okay, I'm just trying to see
if I can picture myself here.
Aren't you guys curious?
No, not really, but then again
I'm pretty sure I don't want kids, so...
Why not?
I don't know, first of all,
environmental reasons.
There are already too many
of us and too few resources.
Yeah, I do, but I think
it's cause my mom sucked.
You know, I'd love
the opportunity to do better.
Give my kid or kids the
childhood I never had.
I'm not seeing the allure
of being a human Kleenex.
Okay, I'm going in.
- Excuse me, hi.
- Hi.
I'm a writer for "Scarlet" magazine,
and I'm doing a story on
20-something-year-old moms
and I was wondering if I could talk
- to you for a few minutes?
- Sure.
- She's beautiful.
- Thank you.
I work as a waitress at night
so I have more time
for Jacob during the day.
But, not gonna lie,
I'm tired every minute
of every day.
But then I look at his sweet face,
and I know it's all worth it.
How has parenthood
affected your relationship?
My husband and I have
to work at it more.
So we make sure to have at least
two date nights a month.
How do you juggle it all?
My mom.
I couldn't do it without her.
She takes the kids on our date nights
and takes them on the
weekends whenever she can
so I can catch up on some work.
Mama! Help me.
Could you just hold him for a sec?
I have to go catch Tilly.
I'm coming, Tilly.
Hey, Jane!
- Jane, come over here!
- This is so much fun!
_
Wanna go out for dinner?
I guess.
- Italian or Chinese?
- I don't know.
Well, how about Burgers and Brews?
Or Pauly G's or we could
try that new place...
Maybe I don't want to have to choose.
Maybe I don't know what I want.
Are you still feeling nauseous
from the morning-after pill?
No, I'm just...
I'm just really stressed
about this article.
What are you writing about?
Just "Scarlet" stuff.
Totally get it.
I'll leave you alone.
I'm sorry, it's just...
writer's block and surging hormones
are not a great combo.
If you do have a breakthrough,
I'm not working
till tomorrow afternoon, so...
Okay.
- Bye.
Hello, Jacqueline.
- Oh, hi, Sutton.
- Hi.
Is this a really bad time?
Well, admittedly eyebrow
threading is never a good time.
What can I help you with?
Remember when I said that
the fashion department
could cut 10% of their budget
for next month's issue?
I do.
Turns out we can't cut as
much as I thought we could.
So I just need a little bit more money
to make the "Divas and Dives"
shoot tomorrow work.
Yeah, see, the problem, Sutton,
is that the budget is already locked,
and the time to ask for
more money would have been
at yesterday's meeting,
which is why we had,
you know, the meeting.
Of course.
It's just Oliver...
Yeah, Oliver always wants the moon,
and, you know, you just
don't always get the moon so...
so what else can you give him?
I can't write this.
You really have that much
to say about Meghan Markle?
Her marriage to Prince Harry made
a strong progressive statement.
They even had eco-friendly
flowers in their ceremony.
Good for them.
How is the
"Babies are the new Bling" coming?
It's coming.
So far all labor, no baby.
They only want me so
that then when their CEO
is ousted as a racist homophobe,
he can point to me and say,
"Oh, look, some of my best spokespeople
are black lesbians."
When I was negotiating the
product integration deal,
I had no idea.
You know, their image
was so politically correct.
Okay, so can we just walk away?
I've been looking over your
contract for a way out,
a morality clause or
something like that,
but there's nothing.
What are they going
to do if I just refuse
to post an Instagram story?
For starters, they could sue us
for breach of contract.
Which would be incredible
expensive for Safford
and a legal nightmare
for the two of you.
I'm so sorry, Kat.
You really think Sutton's
gonna get this place for free?
I hope so. She really needs it
for this photo shoot.
Oh, well, she's smiling.
That's a good sign.
Yeah, but, see, her arms are crossed.
That's not really,
"You can have your photo shoot
here for free," kind of body language.
Oh, it looks like she's
complimenting the place.
Wow, she's pulling out all the stops.
And how are you?
Are you thinking about
thinking about kids?
No, because every time
I start to think about it,
I wind up feeling sick
and having a panic attack
and I just don't know
how to get past it.
What about you?
Have you figured out
what you're gonna do
- about the Whole Spa thing?
- No.
I have to post my first
Instagram story tomorrow
and I'm still trying to figure
out how I can get out of it.
But right now the best idea I have
is to just bury it in basic hashtags.
Ooh. The basic hashtag trick.
It's a good one.
- Hi, so?
- What's up?
No.
She said they can't afford
to shut the place down
for the shoot even if it's
only for a couple of hours.
Why does Oliver have to have it here?
You know, he bought his first beer here
when he moved to the city.
So the whole shoot is kind
of inspired by this place.
I mean, look at it. It's...
It's like a movie set.
A set.
I use Whole Spa clean wipes
in the middle of the day
because it's a great pick me up.
My skin feels soft,
hydrated, and most of all
I feel like a damn hypocrite.
Okay.
I don't think that it's in your DNA
to do this without calling them out.
Nope. It's not.
But, you know, they did say
that they wanted
that edgy Kat Edison sensibility, so...
maybe I should give them just that?
I think I would rather save the close-up
of the Neon Geode lips until after
the edible essential oil section.
Jane, do you have a sec?
Also, do we have another
photo of Michael B. Jordan?
He is just so beautiful;
everybody's gonna think he's CGI.
We are putting Blake Lively
and her two daughters
on the cover, and your piece
is gonna be the featured story.
That's great.
So when do I get to
see your rough draft?
It's just taking me a little longer
than I thought it would.
You having trouble finding mothers
who are wanting to go on the record?
No, no, that's... that's not it.
Well, if you're finding that
focusing on the trendy
aspect of young motherhood
is... is slowing you down,
then you can just throw out
the babies as accessory angle.
I mean, maybe something
about fourth-wave feminists
who are trying to have it all sooner.
Something that explores
how and why young women
just hitting adulthood
would want to take on
this kind of responsibility.
- Right?
- Yeah.
That is really interesting.
I'll explore that angle.
Great. Well, I can't wait to read it.
Oh, well, this is looking a lot better.
Okay, bottom line is
if I'm going to recreate
Chad's in the Scarlet photo studio
I have $233 for set dec and props.
Yeah, that's almost impossible.
Yes, but not if you grew up
shopping at flea markets.
Don't be afraid to haggle.
We need 30 black and
white framed photos...
ideally New York-y stuff...
- three clocks.
- Do they have to work?
They don't because the
ones at Chad's are broken.
A large screen TV, a chalkboard,
darts, dartboard,
some old maps, sofa and chairs.
- All for under 233?
- 218, actually.
We need money for a
cab back into the city.
Thank you guys so much for doing this.
No problem, just be ready to make
me one of those smoothies when
Jacqueline gives me her whole
"You haven't handed in your piece"
face tomorrow.
I'm on it. Ready?
It's just shopping, right?
Except we're buying stuff nobody wants
with money we don't have.
Exactly.
Go team.
- 15!
- I'll give you 10.
Gimme the 10.
Thank you.
How much is the TV?
- Is that a character?
- Pirate.
10? Here.
Sweet, thank you.
I'll take this too.
Thank you so much. You're a doll.
Oh.
Okay, neon sign. Check.
Photo of Bella Abzug. Check.
- Think we did it.
- Yep.
Uber truck is three minutes away.
So that means we should be
unloading at "Scarlet"
in, like, half an hour.
Oh, we do have to make a pit stop.
- What?
- Yeah.
I thought we got everything?
Almost everything.
There has to be a better way to get
the plastic cups from Chad's.
Eh, not for free.
Jackpot!
I am exhausted.
That's what happens
when you work all night.
On the upside, you did it.
Well, let's see what Oliver
has to say from Paris
once he gets the photos
I'm about to send him.
He's gonna love it.
Come on, we got to go.
We smell a little too
dumpster for my taste.
Oh.
See, the thing is,
is you guys smell like dumpster,
I smell like roses.
No, you don't.
- What?
- She's right.
- You don't.
- You stank.
I promise. I would know.
So you're not even bothering
getting dressed at home anymore?
Oh, they were helping me get ready for
the "Divas and Dives" shoot all night.
Won't say a word.
You're not the only ones
who've had to borrow
an Eliza J maxi dress in
a desperate time of need.
Oh, Jane.
Jacqueline would like to
see you in her office.
She really wants your young moms piece.
So your young mothers piece.
Why are you struggling with it?
I don't know.
I...
I guess I just haven't found an angle
that really works for me yet.
Okay.
It feels too personal.
Jane, if you...
think that you're pregnant
or that you might be...
No. No. It's... it's nothing like that.
Okay, it's a little like that.
I never told you this, but...
I found out that I'm positive
for the BRCA gene mutation.
Oh, Jane, I am so sorry.
I had no idea.
Yeah, I haven't really
told a lot of people.
But the thing is,
is I have a lot of decisions
that I have to make
in the next few years.
Like what kind of preventative
surgery I want to have if any.
And whether or not I want to have kids,
and if I do,
I either need to freeze my eggs
or think about getting pregnant, so...
Well.
That is a lot to handle.
Especially when you're 25.
Yeah.
I don't really know how to
start thinking about it.
Have you talked to your
friends about this?
Yeah.
And, I mean, I know they care,
but they don't really know what to say.
Jane.
I hope you know that I
am always here to talk...
about anything.
Thank you.
And don't worry.
- I'll get the article done.
- Oh.
I am not worried about that.
But if it's tripping you up,
writing about
young 20-somethings who've
chosen to have kids,
then just write about
why you're not ready yet.
Thank you.
I'll think about it.
Right over here, sweetheart.
Look away.
That's it. Beautiful.
Yeah, that lighting is perfect.
It's amazing. I love it.
Go get some more stuff.
Oh, my God.
Looks so good.
Oh, yeah.
- Literally would never know.
- Yay.
Kat, I'm gonna need you to come with me.
Yes.
I use Whole Spa clean wipes
in the middle of the day because
it's a great pick-me-up.
My skin feels soft, hydrated,
and most of all, clean.
It's as if all the
dirt's been wiped away.
Just like how the CEO
of Whole Spa, Eric Miller,
is hoping that having
a queer black woman
featured on their Instagram
story will just wash away
all the bad press he's about to get
for donating to hate groups.
They might try and sue us.
I did everything I was
contractually obligated to do.
I used the cleanser,
listed three things
that I liked about it.
Are these allegations against
the Whole Spa CEO true?
I just spoke with the reporter;
he has multiple sources,
and the story just broke on "Vice."
Did you know about this?
When you agreed to the
product integration?
No, of course not.
But this is still a very
important partnership.
And if we're being honest,
not everyone at Safford is woke.
I mean, Elliot Waxman
from "Porch & Garden"
has been spotted on
more than one occasion
wearing a MAGA hat while golfing.
Well, maybe you should see
if he could do
the next Whole Spa Instagram story.
This is precisely why "Scarlet"
doesn't do advertorials.
It betrays the trust of our readers.
When they pick up an issue of
"Scarlet" magazine,
they expect us to have an
authentic point of view.
I was just trying to
increase our revenue stream.
Well, that's a noble goal.
But neither Kat,
nor "Scarlet" 's integrity
should be up for sale.
- Should we go get a drink?
- Yes.
I wish. I have to go home.
Ben is coming over,
and I'm gonna tell him
what's been going on.
So you know, super fun night.
I'm sorry. But telling Ben is good.
Yeah, he's your boyfriend now.
Which means you get sex on the regular
and he needs to know stuff like this.
Oh, speaking of boyfriends,
I just got an all-caps
happy text from Oliver.
- Wow.
- _
- Followed by an angry one.
Hmm.
Okay, but be forewarned,
S-U-Q is a word,
and I will be playing it.
Um... So, hey.
I have to talk to you about something.
You already apologized
for the other night
and thanked me for the flowers.
I promise you we're good.
It's... it's not about that.
Remember when I told you
how my mom died from breast cancer?
Well, I...
I found out that I'm positive
for the BRCA mutation.
Oh, Jane.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, I...
I found out, like, four months ago,
and I thought that the only thing
I needed to worry about
were the screenings.
But when I saw my doctor the other day
for the side effects, she told me I need
to start thinking about what kind of
preventative measures I wanted to take
and whether or not I want to have kids.
Oh, Jane.
Well.
That's a lot.
The mutation, is it in BRCA1 or BRCA2?
- BRCA1.
- Okay.
And your mother's breast cancer,
was that estrogen sensitive? Because...
Ben.
I need you to act like
my boyfriend right now,
not a doctor.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
You are having regular
mammograms, right?
Yes.
And trans-vaginal ultrasounds
to check for ovarian cancer...
Ben.
I didn't tell you so that you could
give me medical advice.
I told you because...
I want you to know what's been going on.
I'm sorry.
I'm just trying to process this.
I know what this means
in ways other guys don't.
Yeah.
Right now I kind of wish you didn't.
Look, can we just go back
to playing the game,
and just forget I said anything?
Okay?
We tried to pretend
like everything was normal.
But we both knew that it wasn't, so...
I'm sorry, love.
I mean, I don't know
what I expected him to do.
It was cancer, surgery,
potential parenthood,
just wrapped up in one
delightful little package.
Okay, well, let's tackle this
one thing at a time.
You love lists.
And if ever a situation
demanded a pro-con list,
deciding whether or not you
want to have a kid would be it.
I know.
But I don't think I can.
Okay, look, this is probably
the last thing you want to hear,
but I'm the child of two shrinks.
So I think parents are the
root of all of our issues.
Do you think that maybe the reason
you're having trouble picturing yourself
as a mom is because...
you lost yours when you were so young?
Maybe.
I mean...
I only have memories of
my mom when she was sick.
I don't remember anything before that.
And I just keep thinking, like...
Was she the kind of mom who...
got down on the floor and played
with me when I was a kid or...
did my hair...
or read me bedtime
stories and sang to me?
Did she kiss me on the forehead
when she tucked me in at night?
Hey.
Whatever kind of mother she was...
she was amazing...
because so are you.
I just wish that I could talk to her...
and get her advice about all of this.
Looks like the muse has struck.
It looks like it has.
Oh, sorry. It's my brother.
- Hey, Ev.
- Hey, Jane. What's up?
I saw you called.
Yeah, thanks for calling me back.
- Everything okay?
- No, I'm fine.
I just...
- I wanted to ask you about mom.
- What's going on?
Just kind of having trouble remembering.
Like what?
Yeah, like, I mean,
what were bedtimes like?
Well, she used to sing us
that Fleetwood Mac song, "Landslide."
- She did?
- Yeah.
No wonder I love that song.
You wanted to see me?
I wanted to talk to you about Whole Spa.
I should have come to you first.
Cleo should have known better.
I mean, I should have too.
I think I was just so flattered
that they wanted me, I...
I just said yes without thinking, but...
- won't do it again.
- Well, let's not overcorrect.
I mean, you are inspiring.
Your story is powerful,
but don't just let
anybody tell your story.
Find companies and causes
that you feel proud to get behind.
Do you really think I should
try something like that again?
I'd be disappointed if you didn't.
_
Hi, I'm here to pick up
the travel memo for
the fashion department.
And before you ask, yes,
Oliver is booked first class,
aisle seat.
Okay, great.
And Frank's in here too, right?
Of course, and his meal is vegetarian.
And I am holding a middle seat,
back row for you.
Sorry?
It was the only seat left.
Oliver just called this morning.
So it was the best I could do.
But, hey, you're going to Paris, right?
I'm going...
I'm going to Paris for Fashion Week?
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
I'm gonna throw up.
I'm not gonna throw up.
Don't throw up.
- I might throw up.
- Don't throw up.
And then she'd read us a bedtime story.
You always wanted
"Harold and the Purple Crayon."
Yeah.
- synced and corrected by sot26 -
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org